Update phone number assignment cmdlets (#8834)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsUser.md

Properties can be modified only for accounts that have been enabled for use with Skype for Business.
This cmdlet was introduced in Lync Server 2010.

> > [!NOTE]
> > Using this cmdlet for Microsoft Teams users will be deprecated. For details, please see individual parameters below.
> > Please start using the new cmdlet [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated. Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
```

Indicates whether the user has been enabled for Enterprise Voice, which is the Microsoft implementation of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
With Enterprise Voice, users can make telephone calls using the Internet rather than using the standard telephone network.

> > [!NOTE]
> > Using this parameter for Microsoft Teams users will be deprecated. Please start using the new cmdlet [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated. Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
```

When set to True, enables a user's voice mail calls to be routed to a hosted version of Microsoft Exchange Server.
In addition, setting this option to True enables Skype for Business users to directly place a call to another user's voice mail.

> > [!NOTE]
> > Using this parameter for Microsoft Teams users will be deprecated and it is not required anymore to set it for Microsoft Teams users.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated. Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
```

For example, in some organizations dialing 1-425-555-1297 routes your call to an Exchange Auto Attendant.
Conversely, dialing just the extension (51297) or using Skype for Business to dial the number 1-425-555-1297 extension 51297 will route your call directly to the user.

> > [!NOTE]
> > Using this parameter for Microsoft Teams users will be deprecated. Please start using the new cmdlet [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated. Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
```

Author: @JohanFreelancer9 the cmdlet Set-CsUser itself will stay, but not for Teams. So it's really the parameters that only will be deprecated
